Req.4 Wallet Attestation Signature (#288)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/wallet-attestation.rst

- The Wallet Attestation MUST use the signed JSON Web Token (JWT) format;
- The Wallet Attestation MUST give all the relevant information to attests the **integrity** and **security** of the device where the Wallet Instance is installed.

> - The Wallet Attestation MUST be signed by the same Wallet Provider that is authoritative for (thus has issued) that wallet, as indicated by the overseeing Accreditation Body/Authority, so that the Attestation will uniquely bind the Wallet Provider to this Wallet Instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Wallet Attestation MUST be signed by the Wallet Provider that has authority over and that is the owner of the Wallet Solution, as specified by the overseeing registration authority. This ensures that the Wallet Attestation uniquely links the Wallet Provider to this particular Wallet Instance.
```
